Cleanup pod resource limits page and script reference (CASMPET-5929) (#2380)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/kubernetes/Determine_if_Pods_are_Hitting_Resource_Limits.md

# Determine if Pods are Hitting Resource Limits

Determine if a pod is being CPU throttled or hitting its memory limits (`OOMKilled`).
Use the `/opt/cray/platform-utils/detect_cpu_throttling.sh` script to determine if any pods are being CPU throttled, and check the Kubernetes events to see if any pods are hitting a memory limit.

**IMPORTANT:** The presence of CPU throttling does not always indicate a problem, but if a service is being slow or experiencing latency issues,
this procedure can be used to evaluate if it is not performing well as a result of CPU throttling.

Identify pods that are hitting resource limits in order to increase the resource limits for those pods.

## Prerequisites

`kubectl` is installed.

## Procedure

1. Use the `/opt/cray/platform-utils/detect_cpu_throttling.sh` script to determine if any pods are being CPU throttled _(this script is installed on master and worker NCNs)_.  The script can be used in two different ways:

>     1. (`ncn-mw#`) Pass in a substring of the desired pod name(s).  In the example below, the `externaldns` pods are being used:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. (`ncn-mw#`) Pass in a substring of the desired pod names.

       In this example, the `externaldns` pods are being used:
```

Identify pods that are hitting resource limits in order to increase the resource limits for those pods.

## Prerequisites

`kubectl` is installed.

## Procedure

1. Use the `/opt/cray/platform-utils/detect_cpu_throttling.sh` script to determine if any pods are being CPU throttled _(this script is installed on master and worker NCNs)_.  The script can be used in two different ways:

    1. (`ncn-mw#`) Pass in a substring of the desired pod names.

       In this example, the `externaldns` pods are being used:

       ```bash
       /opt/cray/platform-utils/detect_cpu_throttling.sh externaldns
       ```

       Example output:

       ```text
       Checking cray-externaldns-coredns-58b5f8494-c45kh

       Checking cray-externaldns-coredns-58b5f8494-pjvz6

       Checking cray-externaldns-etcd-2kn7w6gnsx

       Checking cray-externaldns-etcd-88x4drpv27

       Checking cray-externaldns-etcd-sbnbph52vh

       Checking cray-externaldns-external-dns-5bb8765896-w87wb
       *** CPU throttling: ***
       nr_periods 1127304
       nr_throttled 473554
       throttled_time 71962850825439
       ```

>     1. (`ncn-mw#`) Call the script without a parameter to evaluate all pods.  It can take two minutes or more to run when evaluating all pods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. (`ncn-mw#`) Call the script without a parameter to evaluate all pods.

       This can take two minutes or more to run when evaluating all pods:
```
